well howdy there internet people its Bo
a gallon so uh today he's gonna be a
little different we're gonna do pretty
much this entire video in an analogy
because I'm hoping it reaches the right
people this is something you might want
to tweet out to your camper what I what
I want you to do is I want you to
picture a campfire normal campfire okay
where it's supposed to be inside the
little rings all right little ring of
stones around it everything's all good
it's a campfire around that campfire
there's a bunch of sticks sticks
generally do not like campfires because
sometimes sticks end up getting
destroyed and campfires so they don't
like them they are generally opposed to
campfires however they're close to it
and they're kind of warming up they're
heating up because they're near the camp
[ __ ] more importantly they know that
the fire isn't the problem the spark is
and they all saw the spark almost like
there was a video that went around and
every stick saw the spark and that spark
in case you're missing it is the
inappropriate use of force the spark is
the problem not the fire
so that fire is there and as all the
sticks are looking at that fire they see
more sparks they see sparks and places
where there wasn't a fire they see a
journalist's sticks and peacefull sticks
having sparks thrown at them all the
while the temperature's raising as their
temperature raises does it require as
large a spark to get that stick to catch
fire it doesn't it doesn't
in fact sparks from that main fire they
can fly up and just land on it and
there's a whole bunch of areas all over
the campground United States that were
smoldering already they were already on
edge they were already right at that at
that point and then a spark hit oh
that's where we're at you do not put out
campfires with more sparks it's not how
it works then you've got this guy hiding
cowering in a fireproof bunker calling
the campers that's the governor's and
telling them they need to apply more
sparks he doesn't know what he's talking
about he will fail this test of
leadership like he has every other one
he does not understand this these camp
fires are largely his responsibility if
you want to put out the campfires you
have to use water not sparks more
inappropriate use of force is not going
to help here now there are entire rooms
full of people in DC that understand
campfires they're experts in campfires
they have written manuals on campfires
and incidentally it actually says in the
manuals no more sparks that's a big
piece of it now these people they can't
work domestically but the campers all
have people who are dual badge
now who can call them they can't work
domestically but they can give some
friendly advice they can explain the
theory of campfires and explaining that
the more sparks that are applied the
more sticks join n now I understand that
it's cool to get on Twitter and act
tough try to look tough on Twitter
because it appeals to your base but you
end up just looking ignorant because you
don't understand the theory of campfires
I am looking at you Senator Tom cotton
that was appalling you should resign my
honest opinion
you sir are not somebody who can put out
a campfire you're gonna create more
there are a hundred and forty plus
campfires going on on the campground
right now we don't need more sparks
because there are a whole bunch of dry
areas that have been hit with spark
after spark after spark for years one of
them will catch you need water there are
areas that have used water Flint
Michigan kind of I mean it's not funny
but I mean it's entertaining in the
analogy when Flint Michigan use water
their fire is not that bad is it there
are a whole bunch of areas that used
water and you know what they're not on
the news because their campfire isn't
out of control this isn't complex the
spark was bad everybody knows that spark
never should have happened
applying more sparks will cause more
campfires you need water you need to
make the sticks feel comfortable you
need to cool them off you need to
explain to them yes we understand that
spark was really bad
because if you apply more sparks this is
going to get out of control this is all
cyclical and these campfires are
directly related to the previous
campfires and this is probably our last
cycle this is probably our last chance
to get it before it gets bad and
understand what I'm saying
this isn't bad not in comparison of what
it can be not in comparison to what it
will be if you listen to the guy in the
fireproof bunker more sparks are not the
answer anyway it's just a thought you'll
have a good day